QUEST: Temple: A Troublesome Orc
REVIEWED: no

JOURNAL TR_m4_TT_TroublesomeOrc_b
10: Ravur Othravel gave me a book on how to treat heretics.

JOURNAL TR_m4_TT_TroublesomeOrc_c
10: Garash wants a reading aid to go with the book.
20: I have brought Garash both Saryoni's Sermons and ABCs for Barbarians. I should come back in a day.
30: It has been a day. I wonder if Garash has made any progress.

JOURNAL TR_m4_TT_BooksBarbarians
10: (rest) Ravur Othravel asked me to find a copy of "ABCs for Barbarians" to help educate Garash.
20: I brought a copy of "ABCs for Barbarians" to Ravur Othravel. She thanked me, and asked me to find the other books in the series: "Arithmetic for Barbarians" and "Geometry for Barbarians."
25: (rest) Ravur Othravel asked me to find copies of "Arithmetic for Barbarians" and "Geometry for Barbarians" to help educate Garash.
30: I brought "Arithmetic for Barbarians" to Ravur Othravel. Now all that's left to find is "Geometry for Barbarians."
35: I brought "Geometry for Barbarians" to Ravur Othravel. Now all that's left to find is "Arithmetic for Barbarians."
100: (fin) I have delivered both "Arithmetic for Barbarians" and "Geometry for Barbarians" to Ravur Othravel, and she will see to Garash' continued education.
110: (fin) Since Garash gro-Vivec is dead, there's no use in procuring any more books for him.
120: (fin) Ravur Othravel is dead, so there's no use in bringing her books to teach Garash.
200: (fin) Garash gro-Vivec thanked me for all I have done for him.

JOURNAL TR_m4_TT_TroublesomeOrc
10: Nalvs Andolin sent me to Bodrum to deal with a troublesome Orc. Apparently the Orc has been harassing pilgrims on the roads.
15: Apparently there has been a misunderstanding. The troublesome Orc is, in fact, not a brigand, but an eccentric follower of Vivec.
20: I should talk to Garash gro-Vivec, the troublesome Orc of Bodrum, myself. Golvyn Saryon mentioned he was last seen on the bridge across the Pryai, west of Bodrum.
30: After an initial confrontation, Garash gro-Vivec agreed to talk to me.
31: Garash told me of his travels through Malahk-Bazul and his encounter with a knight in glass.
32: Garash has devoted himself to emulating Vivec after a devotee of Vivec saved his life.
33: Garash insists that I prove the strength of my own devotion to Vivec to him, before he is willing to accept my counsel.
34: I convinced Garash of the strength of my devotion to Vivec. Hopefully he will now let me talk to him about his desperate need for guidance.
35: Our battle convinced Garash of the strength of my faith, and he seems open to the idea that he is in desperate need for guidance in Temple doctrine.
50: I invited Garash gro-Vivec to the Andothren Temple.
60: I sent Garash gro-Vivec on a pilgrimage to Vivec city.
70: I encouraged Garash gro-Vivec to formally renounce Malacath at one of his shrines.
80: I convinced Garash gro-Vivec to worship Malacath instead.
90: I sent Garash gro-Vivec on an impossible mission. I doubt we will hear from him again.
100: (fin) Nalvs Andolin strongly disagreed with me inviting the troublesome Orc of Bodrum to Andothren.
110: (fin) Nalvs Andolin was not pleased that I tried to guide Garash gro-Vivec to be a proper member of the Temple.
120: (fin) Nalvs Andolin was not thrilled with the idea of Garash gro-Vivec renouncing Malacath, though he seems to hope that we will not see the Orc again.
130: (fin) Nalvs Andolin thanked me for sending the troublesome Orc of Bodrum away.
140: (fin) Nalvs Andolin seemed to appreciate me sending the Orc to die at Red Mountain.
200: (fin) Garash gro-Vivec is dead.
210: (fin) Nalvs Andolin thanked me for killing Garash.

