QUEST: Temple: The Last Will and Testament of Ulmon Vathri
REVIEWED: no

JOURNAL TR_m4_TT_LastWillAndTestament
5: Nalvs Andolin told me to follow him into the Temple tombs.
10: Ulmon Vathri has passed away.
15: His estranged daughter is in Andothren and might be getting suspicious.
20: I should check with Ravur Othravel.
25: I found Felani outside the Dancing Cup. I should escort her.
30: I have escorted Felani to the Temple tomb.
35: The cremation ceremony should have concluded by now. I should see if Nalvs Andolin or Felani need anything of me.
40: I should escort Felani and her partner back to the Dancing Cup.
45: I should see Ravur again.
50: It has been decided that Ulmon Vathri's house and possessions should pass to his daughter Felani. I should bring her the good news at the Dancing Cup.
55: Felani was grateful.
60: (fin) Felani thanked for Ulmon Vathri's unsent letter and rewarded me.
200: Both Ravur and Nalvs are dead.

JOURNAL TR_m4_TT_LastWillAndTestament_b
10: Ravur covertly slipped me a note and ran upstairs.
15: I should meet Ravur upstairs and not talk to Nalvs.
20: Ravur told me she is spying on Nalvs.
25: Ravur thinks Nalvs manipulted Ulmon.
30: Find Felani at the Dancing Cup.
35: Investigate Nalvs' office.
55: Ravur was distressed that all the contents of the Temple coffers had been removed before we searched Nalvs' office. She suggests we wait to see what Nalvs' next move is.
60: Nalvs Andolin has fled. Confront him at Ulmon Vathri's house.
65: Found Nalvs Andolin in Ulmon Vathri's house.
66: I arrived late to Ulmon Vathri's house in Omaynis.
70: Nalvs Andolin attempted to convince me not to hand him over to the Ordinators.
71: Ravur Othravel joined me in Omaynis, and attempted to arrest Nalvs Andolin.
75: Nalvs Andolin attacked Ravur Othravel, and died in the ensuing fight.
80: Ravur told me to collect the fortune Nalvs Andolin absconded from the Temple with, and return it to her.
85: Meet Ravur back in Andothren.
86: Settle Ulmon Vathri's will.
100: (fin) Reward given by Ravur, questline complete.

JOURNAL TR_m4_TT_LastWillAndTestament_c
10: I showed Nalvs the note Ravur gave me, and he told me to keep an eye on her.
20: Nalvs Andolin denies defrauding the Temple and forbade me from speaking to Ravur Othravel again.
75: Nalvs Andolin attacked Ravur Othravel, and killed her.
80: Nalvs Andolin thanked me for not helping Ravur Othravel apprehend him.
100: Nalvs decided to return Ulmon Vathri's inheritance to Felani, and asked that he and I never speak again.

JOURNAL TR_m4_TT_LastWillAndTestament_d
10: found key to Nalvs' office.

JOURNAL TR_m4_TT_LastWillAndTestament_e
10: Found letter by Ulmon to his daughter. She will be interested to see its contents.
50: The Temple coffers in Nalvs' office are empty.

